[IMP] payroll: added needed module info (#9316)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll.rst

employees, when necessary. If a contract template is created or modified in the *Payroll*
application, the changes are also reflected in the *Recruitment* application.

> .. important::
>    To access contract templates, the *Salary Configurator* module **must** be installed.
> 
>    To install this module, navigate to the :menuselection:`Apps` application. In the search bar,
>    delete the :guilabel:`Apps` filter, then type in `Salary Configurator`.
> 
>    Click :guilabel:`Install` on the *Salary Configurator* module. Then, that module, along with the
>    *Salary Configurator - Holidays* and *Salary Configurator - Payroll* modules install, as well.
>    Once the modules are installed, the database reverts to the main dashboard.
> 

Reviewer: No need to explain how to install the module, since there is documentation that already exists for that :) also can specify the technical name as well for added clarity 
```suggestion
.. important::
   To access contract templates, the *Salary Configurator* (`hr_contract_salary`) module **must** be
   :ref:`installed <general/install>`.
```

employees, when necessary. If a contract template is created or modified in the *Payroll*
application, the changes are also reflected in the *Recruitment* application.

.. important::

>    To access contract templates, the :guilabel:`Salary Configurator` module **must** be installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To access contract templates, the *Salary Configurator* module **must** be installed.
```
It's my understanding that we should italicize modules the same way we do with application names.

>    To install this module, navigate to the *Apps* application. In the search bar, delete the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To install this module, navigate to the :menuselection:`Apps` application. In the search bar, delete the
```
when instructing the reader to "navigate" somewhere, a menuselection should be applied

>    :guilabel:`Apps` filter, then type in :guilabel:`Salary Configurator`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Apps` filter, then type in `Salary Configurator`.
```
I believe we're supposed to use single back-ticks when instructing the reader to physically type/enter something into the  UI

>    Click :guilabel:`Install` on the :guilabel:`Salary Configurator` module, and that module, along

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Click :guilabel:`Install` on the *Salary Configurator* module. Then, that module, along
```

>    with the :guilabel:`Salary Configurator - Holidays` and :guilabel:`Salary Configurator - Payroll`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   with the *Salary Configurator - Holidays* and *Salary Configurator - Payroll*
```

>    modules install as well. Once the modules are installed, the database reverts to the main

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   modules install, as well. Once the modules are installed, the database reverts to the main
```

   dashboard.

To view all the current contract templates in the database, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app

> --> Configuration --> Contracts: Templates`.

Reviewer 2: with the required modules installed, I'm not seeing this menu option available...

![Screenshot 2024-05-13 151740](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/73958186/0187e306-f4f7-417e-a12d-2297765af6ca)

Might be worth double-checking the accuracy of this during your revisions...

Author: I tested this in a blank database with only the Employees app and Payroll apps installed, and the modules specified here- and that made it show up:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/121518652/9e54229c-d76a-4598-a33e-4a2b0e51d82c)

I am not sure why you aren't seeing it in here- so I assume itmust be a runbot issue since I can make it appear on a clean database.  

I also checked a runbot and the module was already installed and I saw it - perhaps they changed permissions on the runbot you were on?

   `2:00 PM` would be entered as `14:00`.

If the working time should be in a two-week configuration, click the :guilabel:`Switch to 2 weeks

> calendar` button in the to-left. This creates entries for an :guilabel:`Even week` and an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
calendar` button in the top-left. This creates entries for an :guilabel:`Even week` and an
```

The different :guilabel:`Structure Types` can be seen by navigating to :menuselection:`Payroll app

> --> Configuration --> Salary --> Structure Types`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--> Configuration --> Salary: Structure Types`.
```

> Two default structure types are configured in Odoo: :guilabel:`Employee` and :guilabel:`Worker`.
> Typically, :guilabel:`Employee` is used for salaried employees, which is why the wage type is
> :guilabel:`Monthly Fixed Wage`, and :guilabel:`Worker` is typically used for employees paid by the
> hour, so the wage type is :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two default structure types are configured in Odoo: :guilabel:`Employee` and :guilabel:`Worker`.

Typically, :guilabel:`Employee` is used for salaried employees, which is why the wage type is
:guilabel:`Monthly Fixed Wage`, and :guilabel:`Worker` is typically used for employees paid by the
hour, so the wage type is :guilabel:`Hourly Wage`.
```
